for the beet soup
on the plate placed beets and onions cut in garlic cloves
sugar cane hp balsamic
sea ​​salt or brackish olive oil pepper
cover with aluminum, bring to a medium oven until tender
once cooked
liquefy the ashes to anyone
for the house of coriander
in a mixing bowl
white flour according to the state make a hole in the center and added google
yeast warm sugar cane water on the other hand picard chile and coriander and
they added to the preparation to unite with water until forming a spokesman
the couple of leonardo after classifying
and stretch with a rolling pin until the shape of l turns cooking on a plate with a
little olive oil
now 1 half 180 degrees for 15 minutes
for the cream of white cheese and garlic mix roasted potatoes mint white cheese
in the decisive debate the labeling stahl pepper
olive oil
i water or milk to lighten the preparation
and to accompany this soup we will grab one of the cilantro recipes
We were going to put some goat cheese that you download the nauticopa you will see
increase we carry very well coord the beets
we go to panama on a plate to make the transfer easier
and now for the arrival of hugo chávez or any red fruit can be
raspberries
be installed in this case
if it was not like that
liang
and we are going to serve
here
that you are an idea if you were wanting to make it shoemaker they loved it
the cookies and from this company he
Also affected are those that are subject to the requirement.
I want to forget and here I'm going to serve
li na
they looked like a testa
I serve the faith and in this case
according to the time of year obviously
where are you
remember that the two forms
very critical
and what we are going to do here is
palmer
of roasted garlic
in the two
a cream is increase of agents
our kitchen havana
that everything has replacement and who contributes not having things
percent
fatty is not rich
olive oil
and here we have outbreaks but first you must road
and you go
I'm still asia
and give up and cilantro so everything na very well with the beet
diabetes have a lot of skill which is missing from this we are
and if this one prescribes helicopter
there are many more many ideas to the market
so let's go traveling together
this way of healthy cooking
I hope these recipes are enjoyed
I leave you with this Juarense that this is another variation
let's do well
a nice cookies here
It is very nice that the soup have been detected by the agents
Spain
coman is with a crown basauri sa
or with some natural juice
facts left them with
interview with the bbc and see you in the next program thank you very much
we know each other
carlos quentin dv no corner of the world no corner min no goal
last minute